Add detailed README (#1)
prisma/pulse-inngest-demo: README.md

# Pulse & Inngest Demo Project

This is a simple demo project, to show how you might set up Prisma Pulse with Inngest and NextJS, to run real-time, durable workflows with your serverless app.

This demo repo accompanies the blog article: [Build real-time, durable workflows with Pulse and Inngest](https://prisma.io/blog/build-real-time-durable-workflows-with-pulse-and-inngest)

## Pre-requisites

1. An [Inngest](https://app.inngest.com/sign-up?ref=prisma-pulse-blog-post&utm_source=prisma&utm_medium=website&utm_campaign=prisma_pulse) account
2. A [Prisma Data Platform](https://console.prisma.io/sign-up) account

> 3. A Postgres database [with Logical Replication enabled](https://www.prisma.io/docs/pulse/database-setup/general-database-instructions). Hint: you can test with a **free** serverless Postgres instance from [Neon](https://neon.tech)

Reviewer: @sneub can we recommend sth else other than Neon? As it shouldn't work on the starter plan for Pulse, so it might be an inconvinience for users wanting to try it out.

https://www.prisma.io/docs/pulse/faq#what-database-providers-are-supported-with-prisma-pulse

Reviewer: Maybe sth like Supabase or Railway would be better.

Author: Sounds good, I now copied the suggestions from the README you shared in Slack

## Get started

### NextJS

NextJS is used in this demo app to be able to run the Inngest workflows, and also to provide a helpful UI for adding records to the database.

**Run locally**

1. Step into the `nextjs` directory, and install dependencies: `npm install`

> 2. Rename the `.env.example` file to `.env` and set up your environment variables:

Reviewer: There isn't any .env.example file 😄 . Maybe _after_ creating that the step could sth like:

Create a `.env` file to setup your environment variables:

```bash
cp .env.example .env
```

Author: This was my mistake, it's included now (will be pushed & added to PR shortly)

    1. `DATABASE_URL` is the connection string to your database
3. Run the NextJS service locally: `npm run dev` 
4. In a separate tab, run the Inngest service locally: `npx inngest-cli@latest dev` 

>     - Open the Inngest DevServer at https://localhost:8888

Reviewer: It's showing a different url for me:

<img width="965" alt="image" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/12ba5dbe-884f-4ff2-8b55-e9529e96907f">

5. Open a browser and navigate to https://localhost:3000

> **Deploy live**

Reviewer: Can we separate it into a different structure, like:

- Local development:
	- Setting up the frontend
	- Setting up the backend	
Production:
	- Setting up the frontend
	- Setting up the backend

As the current transition is a bit sudden for me to follow.

1. Add this project to a new GitHub repo
2. Set up a new project and [deploy live with Vercel](https://nextjs.org/learn-pages-router/basics/deploying-nextjs-app/deploy) (you can test for free with a Hobby account)
    1. Don’t forget to include your `DATABASE_URL`
3. Sync your Vercel App with the [Inngest Vercel Integration](https://www.inngest.com/docs/deploy/vercel#deploying-to-vercel)
4. Create and save [an Inngest Event Key](https://www.inngest.com/docs/events/creating-an-event-key) and [Signing Key](https://www.inngest.com/docs/platform/signing-keys) to use in the next step (setting up Pulse)

### Pulse

Pulse streams change events from your Postgres database and submit events to Inngest to trigger workflows and jobs.

**Run locally**

1. Go into the `pulse` directory, and install dependencies: `npm install`

> 2. Rename the `.env.example` file to `.env` and set up your environment variables:

Reviewer: I did not find any `.env` file or an `.env.example` here aswell.

    1. `DATABASE_URL` is the connection string to your database (the same as above)

>     2. `PULSE_API_KEY` is found in your [Prisma Data Platform](https://console.prisma.io/sign-up) account. See [the Pulse documentation](https://www.prisma.io/docs/pulse/getting-started) for help in getting your API key.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    2. `PULSE_API_KEY` is found in your [Prisma Data Platform](https://console.prisma.io/sign-up) account. See [the Pulse documentation](https://www.prisma.io/docs/platform/about#environment) for help in getting your API key.
```

>     3. `INNGEST_EVENT_KEY` and `INNGEST_SIGNING_KEY` are used to authenticate the service to Inngest in order to submit events. You hopefully set this up in an earlier step.

Reviewer: Don't we need the steps to migrate the changes with Prisma or generating the client?

**Deploy live**

1. Add this project to a new GitHub repo (you can use the same one as earlier)
2. Set up a new project and deploy live with Railway (you can test for free with a Hobby account)
    1. Don’t forget to include the `DATABASE_URL`, `PULSE_API_KEY`, `INNGEST_SIGNING_KEY` and `INNGEST_EVENT_KEY` environment variables

## Running a test

You can run this complete demo app by setting up all services, locally or live, and then adding a user to the database. Pulse will detect the database change and submit the event to Inngest, which will, in turn, run a demo workflow.

1. Make sure all services are running (see instructions above)
    1. NextJS service
    2. Inngest (if testing locally)
    3. Pulse service
2. Open https://localhost:3000 in your browser - you should see a simple UI with a form
3. Enter a user name and email address, then click the button

Adding a new user with the form should kick off a chain of events:

1. NextJS will add a new `User` row to your database
2. Pulse will detect the database change and submit the event to Inngest

> 3. Inngest will begin running a workflow, leveraging NextJS serverless functions to execute.

Reviewer: Might be worth mentioning what the workflow will do. For example:

Inngest will begin running a workflow that sends emails to users, leveraging NextJS serverless functions to execute.
